WIP global rephrasing (#222)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/field_properties.md

# Field properties

> Every document field can have either or both or none of the following properties that can be modified in the [settings](/references/settings.md):

Reviewer: Could be interesting to say again that they are both by default.
```suggestion
Every field in a document is by default searchable and displayed. These properties can be modified in the [settings](/references/settings.md):
```

Author: Yes, it would be much more clear!

- Searchable
- Displayed

## Searchable fields

> Searchable fields are fields whose attribute is stored in the [searchable-attributes](/references/searchable_attributes.md) list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Searchable fields are fields whose attribute is present in the [searchable-attributes](/references/searchable_attributes.md) list.
```

The content of a searchable field is used by MeiliSearch to **assess the relevancy of a document**.

Therefore, when a field's attribute is not in the searchable-attribute list, the field will be ignored from searches but will remain stored in the server.

By default, all field attributes are added to the searchable-attributes list. If a new document is ingested and one of its fields is missing from other documents, the latter will be automatically added to the searchable-attributes list. [This behavior can be modified](/references/accept_new_fields.md).

This list can be restricted to a specific set of attributes that you can select in the settings. That way, you are able to specify which fields should be ignored by MeiliSearch from searches.

## Displayed attributes

> Displayed fields are fields whose attribute is stored in the [displayed-attributes](/references/displayed_attributes.md) list.

Reviewer: To not confuse with the storing in Meilisearch?
```suggestion
Displayed fields are fields whose attribute is present in the [displayed-attributes](/references/displayed_attributes.md) list.
```

Author: Yes, right!
